hi everyone today I'm doing and my
eyeliner and mascara look if you guys
have requested for me to do and how I do
my makeup on my eyes so today to show
you guys what I've done and this right I
I have done my Tim eyeliner and mascara
as you can hopefully see and on this I I
have him now today for you guys in I've
started off with just putting a boudoir
Paris and eyeshadow on my eyes and I
didn't want to go too dark on the
eyeshadow so you could see em the eye
eyeliner that I've done more defined a
la CIMA mascara and but you might have
noticed done a few of my in previous
videos I use darker more bolder I
shadows and but on this occasion I want
it's good for it it's little summary
luck so this compact comes with a mirror
and a little brush and all of them is of
sweet tea right across and all over up
to my bribe brow bone like that and it's
like a subtle pink color and with some
sparkles um now that I like that i'm
going to be using today is a Maybelline
New York one and I've chose this one
because it's available worldwide and
it's also one of my favorite brands and
my eyes quite sensitive and using other
brands and sometimes makes them a little
bit watery and saw so this is my
favorite I think it's good value for
money and it also goes on really easily
so and great for beginners and also can
be played with if you are a little bit
more and better at using eyeliner is
more advanced in makeup so to start off
with I'm going to hold the I'm
supporting it but i'm not actually
pulling it because if you hold it up
like that when you do your line it'll be
one cute and wobbly when you let go so
I'm going to just support it and I'll
going into the corner of my eye and I'm
using a light stroke right across to
neaten up just
across her like that supporting the I
likes em now I'll show you their that's
my line if for some reason it's got a
little bit wonky not happy with it all I
do is just take a cotton bud and just
smooth the line out if you've got any
little bit you just go like that smooth
it out and make it neat okay now on to
the button I do the same I hold my eye
I'll just start the corner let's sweep
across like that now if you want it more
defined you can go a little bit thicker
you can keep checking as they have it
have a mirror handy that you're doing it
in front of and just keep checking
looking looking straight phul and check
each one now what I've done on my right
eye here is I've actually put my
eyeliner on to the white bit of my eye
now I've done this and because it makes
it more defined and if you go for a
smoky look it also makes it m-step stand
out more so I'm just going to hold my
eye and go down and put it on that bit
as well now with your eyeliner you can
choose pencil or classic it for a liquid
one it it depends on what you prefer and
what you're used to now look if he was
going to use a liquid one I've got 100
to show ya it would just be
straightforward the same as what you did
before but you just have to be extra
careful because and with liquid you
haven't got as much in scope to go wrong
so we've liquid I just show you on the
either already done earlier you just go
straight across like that and painter um
now that the good side with liquid em as
opposed to the N pencil is that the
liquid nib is really really tiny so if
you are wanting to see flicks really
small you know it's really good to
define your flicks and have them really
small like that
and as I like to put my eyeliner under
my eye I found with liquid it actually m
makes my eyes quite watery now once
you've put all your maker piling finish
a few mascara you haven't really got the
scope to have a major disaster just
before you're going out the door with
watery eyes so that's why I've gone for
the pencil but if you want to try this
look you can sample Evil One it's up to
you now to finish off with and I'm going
for another beautiful Paris in product
and this is the liner effect mascara and
I've chose this because M of the brush
it's a really fine M neat brush it's not
going to give you a clumped effect this
is just to M line your lashes and and to
show your eyeliner off now if you've got
huge pick em lashes arm you're not going
to see your eyeliner as well as with
this and it gives you a really nice do I
defect and it's then really easy to
apply so i'm going to show you i'm just
going to brush it up onto my lashes and
as you can see it separates them it
doesn't clump them together which I like
and to the side i'm just going to turn
the brush onto the side and get every
single little one in the corners like
that and on the bottom i'm going to and
just gently coat it across
like that so that's how I do my eyeliner
and mascara and for this natural well
it's not exactly natural but it's them
with the light eyeshadow it just draws
your attention just tries if I sit back
for you I just makes you ant eyes stand
out really well now it doesn't really
matter what color in your eyes are
people of you know said your eyes look
nice but the blue it doesn't matter what
collect it I think my personal opinion
is it looks really really great and with
dark hazel brown eyes because it makes
them stand out and then makes the lashes
look really great and but as I said any
color eyes and you can try this eyeliner
effect and they're just gentle mascara
so when thank you guys for watching my
eyeliner and mascara tutorial and please
leave me a comment rate this video and
if you haven't already go on to my
website which is www.hyken.com page and
leave me a comment say thank you very
much for watching see you later